# PWDmanager
### It is a python application that allow users manage user passwords and even generate new passwords for them. 

## Description
> PWDmanager application will have two sections;<br><br> - First, the user will have a login username and password to the application.<br> - Second, the user will create new credentials account to store and view their various account(Eg twitter, codewar, linked, gmail...) credentials and their passwords in the application.<br> - The application also generates a password for her/him to use when he/she signs up to a new account(Eg Facebook). Alternatively, the application gives the user an to option of putting in a password that he/she wants to use for the new credential account(Eg Facebook).

## Author
Nazarena Wambura.</br>
[Github](https://github.com/nazarena254)


## Technologies used
* Python
* Markdown


## Behaviour Driven Development / BDD
* Given the user Follows the Procedure in the terminal after running the run.py file.
* When user enters su to sign up and creates username and password or li to login with username and password.
* Then the user can create credential account and add account name, username and password.<br>  Consequently, he/she can enter dc to diplay , sc to search, del to delete credential account, and finally ex to exit.<br>
Moreover, to create password for the credential accounts, the user has an option to create one manually or get it generated by the application.


## Installed packages
* Install code editor of your choice.
* Run `sudo apt-get update`,`sudo apt-get install python3.6` in terminal to install python.
* Install python extension in code editor(VScode) to run python modules easily.
* Run `python3.9 -m pip install pyperclip` in terminal to install pyperclip module, python version varies.
* Ctrl+v or paste, to paste items to our clipboard.


## Installation / Setup instruction
* Open Terminal {Ctrl+Alt+T}
* create and cd to the directory where you want to have your project
* git clone ```https://github.com/nazarena254/PWDmanager.github.io.git``` to have it on your machine.
* code . or atom . based on the text editor you have.
* work on it.